---
tags: documentation
---

# 2021-05-10 NumPy Documentation Team meeting

- Time: 4pm UTC
- Join via Zoom at: [link](https://zoom.us/j/96219574921?pwd=VTRNeGwwOUlrYVNYSENpVVBRRjlkZz09)

**Present:** Ross Barnowski, Ryan Cooper, Ayush, Mars Lee, Cano Rodr√≠guez Juan Luis, Mukulika Pahari, Mahesh, Isabela Presedo-Floyd, Matti Picus

## Topics

- [Sphinx tutorial poposal](https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/issues/9165)
  - Great idea :tada:
  - It would be great to feature intersphinx prominently - cross-project document cohesion is a great goal

- GSoD Discussions
  - [Mahesh's proposal](http://numpy-discussion.10968.n7.nabble.com/GSoD-2021-Statement-of-Interest-tt49204.html#a49232)
  - [Mukulika's proposal](http://numpy-discussion.10968.n7.nabble.com/GSoD-21-Statement-of-Interest-tt49212.html)
  - [Ayush's proposal](http://numpy-discussion.10968.n7.nabble.com/GSoD-21-Submitting-first-draft-of-the-Statement-of-Interest-tt49229.html#a49236)
  
  - Project management: how to track your progress
    * One idea: weekly blog posts (e.g. [Jaskirat Singh excellent work with CHAOSS](https://github.com/jaskiratsingh2000/Google-Season-of-Docs))
    * keep track of issues/PRs for NumPy Docs
    * reference the NumPy Docs community call meetings
    * 

- NumPy Docs Front Page Redesign: [Interactive Prototype](https://design.penpot.app/#/view/41890b30-934c-11eb-825c-a56ecc9e3fc1/e1ce3fc0-934c-11eb-bc52-e39ba1f3ae20?token=P8-a3msKJ73tEDHtfpC3Sg&index=0)
    - [Github issue](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/18419#issuecomment-832232691)
