---
tags: documentation
---

# 2020-07-06 NumPy Documentation Team meeting

- Time: 8am Pacific Time
- Join via Zoom at: https://zoom.us/j/420005230

**Present:** Melissa Mendon√ßa, Ryan Cooper, Ben Nathanson, Mrinal Tyagi, Themistoklis Spanoudis, Ross Barnowski, Matti Picus, TearySmoke

## Topics

- Wrap up discussion on [tutorial style guide](https://github.com/numpy/numpy-tutorials/pull/11) (Ben)
    - We can merge the PR as is and tweak it later
    - Ryan suggests a checklist; we can include this into the "How to contribute to this repo" document (workflow for the repo)
    - Have a few students interested in Fall documentation (Ryan)
    - Reviewing applications (Ryan)

- Season of Docs -- Who has approached us with unsubmitted draft project ideas for us to comment on? (Ben). The review period starts on July 9 (Melissa)
    - Ben mentions we should maybe encourage people to open their proposals to the mailing list before the application period. Good point for next year, unfortunately for this year it might be too late.
    - Mrinal brings up the discussion of having Explanation pages, with tags, that try to answer some common questions related to NumPy structure and usage. Matti mentions that we shouldn't be "Stack overflow". Ben mentions that mining the mailing list for interesting questions is a good idea. 
    - Ryan mentions he would like to refactor/rework a few documents as different types (for example, extract Explanations from Tutorials). This is part of what NEP 44 proposes, and is a valuable contribution.
    - Themistoklis asks about how do we deal with background for tutorials; for example, if we write a tutorial for intermediate users, what can we take for granted and what should we explain in detail. An idea would be to, whenever possible, link to content already available in other tutorials. Also tutorials list prerequisites and those can include assumptions about what the reader knows.
    
    - Mrinal suggest we should focus our efforts in some groups of users; however, we will get a better idea about our userbase after the survey results are in.

---
**Topics we didn't quite get to - consider opening issues/discussing on mailing list, or we can discuss at the next meeting.**

- Mahfuza's suggestion of a NumPy cheat sheet (Ben)

- How to remove a page? For example, https://numpy.org/about overlaps https://numpy.org/devdocs/dev/governance/people.html - how to remove the older page without breaking a TOC? (Ben)
  - (mattip) We could use an [HTML redirect](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5411538/redirect-from-an-html-page) page

- (If Ralf attends:) What's our plan for translation? (Ben)
  - (mattip) Ralf is planning to work on it over the next week or two, maybe as part of the SciPy sprint

- Further suggestions on generating how-tos (Ben)

- Thoughts on improving NumPy glossary (Ben)

- SciPy Cookbook update (Ben)

- When will we deploy the new Sphinx theme? (Ben)
  - (mattip) Let's delay this until the next meeting to give some time to look at the current status
